Question 1: What are the main features of python?

1. Easy to learn
2. Easy readability
3. Has its own interpreter preinstalled when python is installed
4. Its a dynamically typed language
5. Makes use of white spaces to represent lines of code
6. It makes use of virtual machines
7. Contains libraries
8. Open source and free
9. It uses object oriented programming
10. Its a high level language

Question 2: What is the difference between a list and a dictionary?
A list is used to store a number of items under the same variable. It is similar to arrays in Javascript
Example:
 fruit = [Apple, Mango, carrot]
Dictionary is a set of key-value pair. It is similar to Objects in Javascript
Example:
 person = {
 "name" : "Bello",
 "age" : 12,
 "sex" : "Male"
 }

 Question 3: In your words, explain the keyword pass
 Pass is used in python in place of the code block for functions. This is because python does not allow empty functions i.e running a function without logic(code block)

 Question 4: What is an iterator in Python?
 An iteration is also known as loops which represents repeatedly running same logic or code.
 Iterations are achieved using for or while loops and can be used along with operators like if, elif, else wtc

 Question 5: What is unit testing?
 Unit test is he process of testing the smallest, testable part of an application
 Can be manual or automated using unit testing frameworks
 Eg of unit testing frameworks are:
 Pytest: Used for functional testing,
 Unittest: Contains defined test cases,

 Question 6: Of the available unit test framework in Python, which is yourfavorite and wh
 Unittest, reason is that it comes preinstalled with python

 Question 7: Name the types of arguments in Python
 5 types of arguments in python are:
 Required Argument
 Default Argument
 Keyword Argument
 Arbitrary/Variadic Argument
 Arbitrary keyword Argument


 Question 8: Explain what functions are.
 Functions are reuseable blocks of code that can be called (invoked) at any point in the program.
 They are 3 types of functions:
1. Built in functions: These are functions that come predefined with python library. Eg print, len, min, max
2. User Defined Functions: functions created by users to perform a particular logic in the program and are denoted using 'def' keyword
3. Anonymous: These are user define functions that are not declared using the def keyword & dont have a name. They are also known as lambda
An example of the structure of a function is:
def <function name> (<parameters>)

 Question 9: How do you create a class in Python?
 Class is one of the 4 building blocks of Object Oriented Programming, the others being (Objects, Attributes and Methods).
 Classes are used to structure code into reuseable components that contains properties describing an entity.
 Classes contain attributes and methods also individual objects are created from a class

 Question 10: Explain what polymorphism and Inheritance are in Python OOP
 Polymorphism is the ability for a class method to perform different function/logic/task
 Inheritance is the ability of a class to inherit objects, attributes & methods from another class


